# When-there-is-none-to-go-to
App which will provide help to anyone in need when there is no help available to them from anywhere.

We have created an idea on topic "When there is none to go to".
We have thought of making an app which will provide help to anyone in need when there is no help available to them from anywhere.We don't have our family, friends and relatives everywhere in this country.
And so, they can't come everywhere when we need them, taking care of everyones safety and help we decided to work on an app in which people can register themselves who want to help others and contribute something to the society.
With the use of this app for example if Y get stuck with some problem and he/she is located let's say at X person's area then X will get an ALERT message with Y's current GPS location that Y is in problem. 
So he/she would immediately go for Y's help, find them and help them come out of their problem.
In that app we will provide a function by which any number of people can register themselves. Those people who are willing to help like the social workers who are there to help and there are many small organizations as well in many cities which are there to provide help to people who insecure but due to lack of information they don't reach the places for help on time those people can register.

Like for example if there is a person who resides in Uttar Pradesh but for job or studies or any other work, he/she goes to some different state or city then if they are unsafe then it would be useless to send a message to their parents or relatives as they are not there in that city and else they will only get worried. So this app will be of use as it will send a message along with that person's GPS location to all those people who have registered for helping people. And this message along with GPS location will be send to everyone who are there upto 10-20km of range.And then later when the person thinks that he/she is totally safe and sound then he/she would send another message informing all the people to whom the previous message was sent that now they are safe and sound and thanks for help.
We can also add a function that for example if someone is in an emergency then they press 1 or any other key as per their convenience,  they have to register that key in the app and they will also save the time like for how many seconds they have to press the key after which this ALERT along with their GPS location would be send to people in the the 10-20km range of their area.
Hoping for a app that can make people feel safe at any point on the earth and help them in connecting with the society.
